# LLM4BF-LLM for ISAC Beamforming
Official repository for paper **From General LLM to Specialized ISAC Beamforming Design: A LoRA-Based Multi-Expert Framework**.

## Absrtact
Integrated sensing and communication (ISAC) achieves both radar sensing and data transmission, yet the intricate beamforming design often involves inherently non-convex optimization problems. In recent years, the emergence of the large language model (LLM) has demonstrated the powerful capabilities of general artificial intelligence in function approximation and logical reasoning. Empowering ISAC with LLM has thus attracted considerable attention as a promising direction. However, most existing works merely treat LLMs as black-box solvers through interface calls without fine-tuning, which limits the ability to transform a general LLM model into a specialized ISAC optimizer effectively. In this paper, we pioneer the use of a pretrained LLM as the foundation to construct an end-to-end ISAC optimizer tailored for diverse ISAC scenarios by integrating a multi-expert adaptation. Leveraging the strength of LLM in natural language (NL) understanding, we reformulate communication scenarios into NL descriptions, eliminating the need for any prior mathematical knowledge or derivation. Furthermore, inspired by the mixture-of-experts paradigm, we design a multi-expert framework with low-rank adaptation to transform LLM from a general artificial intelligence (AI) model into an ISAC expert capable of addressing diverse scenario requirements. We design a two-stage training framework. During the supervised fine-tuning stage, the model learns to generate solutions in the desired pattern. Subsequently, reinforcement learning is employed to refine the outputs to satisfy constraint feasibility and achieve numerical optimality. Comprehensive experiments validate the effectiveness of our approach, achieving performance that significantly surpasses existing AI-based methods.

**We will open our coda after our paper is accepted.**
